I had a strange dream.
while I was sleeping.
In that dream. I was in a garden…
I felt like I was in a really big house.
A man suddenly came up to me…
He was very handsome. extraordinary.
There was no dialogue between us.
we were just staring at each other.
And strangely.
he asked me to have sex with him.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
BASED ON A TRUE STORY
FROM RJL5'S PODCAST "PENGANTIN SETAN"
You're making tea now?
You get off work at 12 o'clock.
But I never know when
exactly you'll come home.
I already said I had overtime.
Like every night. right? Overtime?
Hang up your jacket properly.
Is there no food?
It gets stale if I leave it for too long.
Okay!
You can fry eggs or make noodles?
There is no harm in pleasing me
once in a while.
There is no harm in making time
to eat with me once in a while.
You always object to everything I say.
What do you want. honey?
Why aren't you answering me?
If I answer. you'll get mad again.
Aren't you tired of
arguing like this every day?
Sorry.
I'm tired from working. and yet
I still have to wake up at this hour!
You!
What's wrong with you?
Are you possessed or something?
Why?
Did you fight with your husband again?
Eat it.
Tired.
Married for three years.
but all we do is fight.
Should I just separate from Ariel?
Hey.
It's so easy for your mouth
to say those words!
Every time you have that dream.
you two always fight.
What can I do?
He's very different
from when we used to be dating.
He doesn't flirt anymore.
He doesn't buy gifts.
Or anything!
He was only sweet when we were dating.
Now all we do is argue.
That's what it's like to be married.
If we already live with our husband.
only then can we see
the good and bad in him.
Arguing. fighting like that is
a common thing.
That's why we as women.
have to be smart to make
the atmosphere at home comfortable.
Where did the kitten go?
Kitten.
So it's my fault?
Have you done what I said yet?
No. right?
I've told you many times. Echa.
Men consider marriage
to be their finish line.
It's different for women.
They consider it their starting line.
You want to be pampered like
when you were dating.
Do you dress up like when you were dating?
No. right?
Your face continues to frown everyday.
I know you still love your husband.
Let me ask you.
When was the last time
you made love with him?
Having sex. when?
You forgot. didn't you?
That's why when you're having sex.
don't just keep quiet
feeling the pleasure of the sex.
Having sex is to express your feelings.
Have you expressed
your feelings to your husband?
Echa!
What's wrong with you?
Just do this. after work you go home.
take a shower. dress up nicely.
and be intimate with your husband.
Seduce him!
Spending some time to calm your mind
before going home.
Fear of feeling tired
will ruin the atmosphere at home.
Are you lazy to go home because
you are afraid of feeling like a failure?
That's normal.
I was just thinking.
If only Echa didn't marry me…
One whose job is only like this.
She might be happier.
Did Echa ask for a house?
No.
Or maybe she didn't ask for anything.
but you're the one
who always feels inadequate.
- Isn't that strange?
- No. its not.
Echa always wakes up
every time you come home. right?
She woke up not just waiting for you
as the head of the family.
She is waiting for you to seduce her.
DO NOT GO HOME AT LATE HOURS
Go home already!
A wife needs to be seduced
once in a while.
- Thank you. sir.
- Yes.
You'll never be able
to get away from all this.
my bride.
Honey. you cooked?
You only had a few hours' sleep.
It's okay if I make you happy
once in a while.
Is it good?
Honey. I want to apologize.
I just realized that I've been losing
a lot lately because of small things.
Which doesn't matter.
It's made me lose a lot with you.
We can start from zero again.
What's this?
Like a gas station starting from zero.
Are you using that hair clip?
Yes.
- Why? Is it strange?
- It looks nice.
I…
I remember you were wearing
that the first time we met.
What else do you remember?
I remember everything.
You flirt!
- Today I'll take you to work.
- Are you sure?
- But you won't get enough rest.
- It's okay.
- Are you meeting Emma tonight?
- Yes.
I'll let Emma know.
So…
That means…
And this one?
I'll pick you up later?
I'll go meet Emma straight from work.
You'll be late again.
Okay. then we'll meet at home.
What happened?
I'm sorry.
What's wrong?
Nothing.
Why are you alone? Where is Desta?
Let's not talk about him.
It's complicated.
Why do you say that?
You guys have been dating for a long time.
-Two years
Aren't you two about to get engaged?
Well. just imagine.
Every day. I work from morning
until evening
and then at night. I still have to
tolerate his antics? No way.
Is marriage like that too?
Do you both argue everyday?
Or worse?
Well. of course.
But. then…
No relationship is perfect.
There are also a lot of sweet moments.
Example?
For me…
I'm always happy when I wake up
with the right person beside me.
But how do we know if he is
the right person?
For example. Ariel.
Well…
Looking for a partner is like looking for
a friend to talk to.
When you get old. and won't be able
to do anything anymore.
what are you going to do if not talk?
Does it mean your problems
can be solved just by talking?
In any relationship.
there are bound to be ups and downs.
Is it going up or down now?
Like a roller coaster.
Wow!
So scary. a roller coaster.
Last month I came back home
to meet our parents.
Well.
- how are they?
- They are good.
As usual. they were asking…
When can they carry their grandchild?
- Pray for it.
- Amen.
What's wrong?
I don't know why I've
been feeling nauseous all day!
Tell Ariel to buy medicine.
Wait.
Excuse me.
DON'T FORGET TO GET THE MEDICINE
Echa?
Honey?
Ariel?
What's wrong with you?
Honey?
You're home?
Wait. the food is almost ready!
Honey?
What's wrong with you?
No. nothing.
There was just something strange at work.
Strange?
Here is your medicine.
I've also called Mbok Sari
to give you a massage tomorrow.
It's just a cold. but it feels weird.
Did I eat something wrong?
Exhaustion could also be a reason.
So take good care of your body.
How do I take care?
I always come home late from work.
I have to go back to work in the morning.
Turn.
Your stomach also needs a massage.
To let the wind out.
You'd better not work for today.
You are still sick.
My salary will get cut again.
We still need to pay rent.
- Yes. I understand. but...
- Wow!
No wonder.
Why?
That's why it hurts to move.
You are pregnant.
It's been three months.
The baby is healthy.
Congratulations.
finally after three years.
We will be aunties soon.
After giving birth.
do you want to continue working?
I don't know yet.
Take good care of yourself.
Get enough rest.
if anything happens just tell us.
- Okay?
- Thank you.
Estimated date of birth?
Still don't know. ma'am.
Haven't gotten the doctor's schedule yet.
I AM FINALLY PREGNANT
LIFE IS HARD
Echa?
What happened to you yesterday?
Nothing.
Turns out I'm just pregnant.
Finally.
Pregnant?
Are you serious?
I am serious.
Mbok Sari said it's been three months.
Didn't you just have sex
with your husband?
What are you trying to say?
Yes. there is no intention whatsoever.
I'm just confused.
Why is that?
You don't like seeing me pregnant?
Echa…
It's not like that.
Echa?
Don't be angry!
Yesterday. I saw worms in your vomit.
Maybe that's a sign that you've already…
What are you saying?
If there is something strange…
You always connect it to mystical things.
If someone is pregnant.
you should be happy for them.
I'm happy.
But. if there are worms in your vomit…
What the hell.
I am trying to remember.
Before yesterday…
We last tried to have a baby
six months ago.
After that. we just kept
on arguing until yesterday.
There's no way
Echa is three months pregnant.
Are you suspecting
Echa is cheating on you?
I'm not sure about that either.
But is it true that she is pregnant?
You just heard it from the midwife.
Just do this…
Starting tomorrow I will change
you to the afternoon shift.
So you can spend more time
with Echa at home.
Is that possible?
Don't worry. it can be arranged.
Thank you very much.
I am going back to the office.
Just relax.
Here is your tea. still warm.
Honey?
Are you okay?
Yes.
You've been like this since yesterday.
I'm okay.
I'll heat the food.
Honey. who is this Anto?
- Who?
- Anto.
Oh. that's the gallon water seller.
Why honey?
How about Deni?
Why do you chat so often?
Deni was my school friend.
The one who didn't move up a grade
because he was caught smoking.
He often complains about his wife.
Have you met him?
What have you been up to?
Why do you keep asking?
- Suspicious of me?
- No.
Well. we just made love a few days ago
and you're already three months pregnant?
- You don't believe me?
- No need to shout.
It doesn't make sense. right?
Okay.
If you need logic.
tomorrow we go to the doctor.
We'll prove it.
No enlargement of the gestational sac.
no fetus or embryo.
Is that true. Doc?
Yes. that's what a midwife does.
She just made an assumption based on her
experience massaging mothers and babies.
But there is no proof of a fetus
from a fertilization.
Sometimes a woman who wants to get
pregnant quickly may affect her psychosis.
What do you mean?
There is a term called pseudocyesis.
This is a rare condition in delusional
women who want to get pregnant quickly.
Because of excessive obsession. muscles
send signals to the body.
- Like an hallucination?
- Yes. something like that.
Usually the stomach is bloated
like a pregnant woman.
menstruation stops
and other signs of pregnancy.
But that's just the brain's reaction
to the body. not the actual condition.
CANTEEN
CLOWN MAGICIAN - SOFA WASHING
The doctor said I'm not pregnant.
But something is moving in my stomach.
There's no way I'm not pregnant.
You have to come with me.
I know someone who can help you.
Excuse me.
BOYS DORM - MOSQUE - HALL
ADMINISTRATION - LIBRARY - HALL
BOYS CLASS - GIRLS CLASS - CANTEEN
- Please check.
- Yes. Ustad.
- Thank you.
- Yes.
- May peace be upon you.
- And upon you be peace.
Come in here! Come in!
Please come.
Come.
Don't just worship as a mere obligation…
But also a necessity.
Because it could be…
Worship becomes a shield
both physically and mentally.
Both visible and invisible.
Sorry.
What is your name?
Echa. Ustad.
Echa and Linda. This is for all of us.
Get into the habit of saying
a prayer first before you do something.
Going to eat. going to wear clothes.
going to sleep. just pray.
That's why you should pray
before you sleep.
So you don't have strange dreams.
Since when did
you start having strange dreams?
I don't know. Ustad.
I don't know exactly when.
But since getting married.
the dreams started to appear...
Sorry to cut you off.
Listen.
Allah created the Jinn…
Who also have the same lusts as we do.
I've met some people
who said they were liked by the Jinns.
Marked by what? Yes. those strange dreams.
Maybe one of the outcomes…
Is what Echa is experiencing.
only Allah knows.
My pregnancy has nothing to do
with my dreams.
But the doctor already said
you're not pregnant.
But I feel like
there is something alive in my body.
Shut up. listen carefully first.
Is it really true. Echa?
Do you actually feel
a fetus in your stomach?
Can you feel it?
What if there actually isn't?
This is my body. Ustad.
Only I can feel it.
There's a fetus moving in my stomach!
Alright.
We'll see later.
For now. let's try to be positive.
Whether or not the fetus exists.
Allah knows best.
Ariel doesn't believe it.
the doctor didn't believe it.
now Ustad doesn't believe it either.
Everyone doesn't believe it.
Echa!
- May peace be upon you.
- And upon you be peace.
Echa!
Indeed we belong to Allah.
and indeed to Him we will return.
You really want to get pregnant?
Why not?
After years of marriage.
Once you get hope.
and they say its only hallucinations.
- Yes. but you...
- Enough.
I don't want to talk about anything.
It's hard to talk to you.
I have changed your shift.
and yet you are still here.
Having coffee.
Go home.
We just had an ultrasound…
Echa is not pregnant.
Thank goodness for that.
You can relax.
That means. Echa is not having an affair.
But. somehow I feel broken.
Seeing her heart broken.
I can't do anything.
That's why…
She really needs you now.
Okay?
What are you doing here.
Little kitten. here you are.
Where's your mother!
Come here cutie.
Stay here.
There you go…
Stay here. okay?
Hey…
Poor you.
What do you want now?
Don't want to be left behind?
I want to go back. I'm tired.
Where are you?
Kitten.
Where did you go?
Where are you?
Kitten.
I hear you. but I can't see you.
Are you under there?
Kitten.
I didn't hear anything.
Did you?
Echa!
What's really going on. honey?
I thought it was just a dream.
There's nothing wrong with that.
I didn't know that dreams could come true.
I also didn't know…
That my dream of Linda's death
was happening in real life.
It's not your fault.
No.
It is my fault.
I'm the one who couldn't take a stand.
But I know how to fix this.
And I need help.
I seek refuge in Allah
from the accursed Satan
In the name of Allah
Most Gracious. Most Merciful
Praise is due to Allah. Lord of the worlds
Sovereign of the Day of Recompense
It is You we worship
And You we ask for help
Guide us to the straight path
The path of those
upon whom You have bestowed favor
Not of those who have earned Your anger
Or of those who are astray
Amen
In the name of Allah
Most Gracious. Most Merciful
Allah. there is no deity except Him
the Ever-Living. the Self-Sustaining
Neither drowsiness overtakes Him nor sleep
To Him belongs whatever is in the heavens
And whatever is on the earth
Who is it that can intercede with Him
Except by His permission?
He knows what is before them
And what will be after them
And they encompass not a thing
Of His knowledge except for what He wills
His Kursī extends over
The heavens and the earth
And their preservation tires Him not
And He is the Most High. the Most Great
May Peace be upon you.
Who dares to disturb my bride?
She is not your bride.
She already belongs to someone else.
Get out of her body.
Only I can fulfill this woman's desires.
Only me!
You don't know anything.
You can't do anything.
I seek refuge in Allah
From the accursed Satan
In the name of Allah
Most Gracious. Most Merciful
"Say. "He is Allah. who is One.
Allah. the Eternal Refuge
-He neither begets nor is born"
-It hurts.
"Nor is there to Him any equivalent."
In the name of Allah
Most Gracious. Most Merciful
"Say. "I seek refuge
in the Lord of daybreak
From the evil of that which He created
And from the evil of darkness
When it settles
And from the evil of the blowers in knots
"And from the evil of
An envier when he envies."
In the name of Allah
Most Gracious. Most Merciful
"Say. "I seek refuge in the Lord of mankind
The Sovereign of mankind
The God of mankind
From the evil of the retreating whisperer
Who whispers evil
Into the breasts of mankind
"From among the Jinn and mankind."
Allah is the Greatest!
Give her a drink!
I ask Allah for forgiveness. the Almighty.
Jinns can indeed love humans.
And it will not hesitate
to injure or even kill
the person who hinders it's love.
Jinn Dasim.
likes to influence married women.
It always gives whispers
to make the woman emotional.
Its aim is
to break the marriage.
There is no deity but Allah.
And now.
what should we do. Ustad?
If she still has symptoms.
bring her here again.
Oh. right.
I ask Allah for forgiveness. the Almighty.
Here.
Please teach her to recite this.
Allah can protect us
and Allah will definitely protect us.
There is no deity but Allah.
Honey…
Are you still having that dream?
Not anymore.
Forgive me. honey.
I never told you
about this dream for years.
I don't know if this dream
can make us fight.
It's okay. hey…
This is not your fault.
Let's start from the beginning. shall we?
From zero again.
Like a gas station.
FOURTEEN DAYS LATER
- See you.
- Bye.
Let's eat.
- Mine is really spicy.
- Really?
Honey.
I've got a chance to be promoted.
Really?
To replace Restu. He wants to resign.
But I have to go for training.
A week out of town.
-Okay
-But I can refuse. it's okay.
I know you really need me right now.
It's okay.
I don't have that dream anymore.
No!
I'll stay here. to keep you company.
Please.
Don't waste this opportunity.
I'm really fine.
When are you leaving?
-Tomorrow
-That soon?
If I don't leave tomorrow.
they'll send someone else.
Okay then.
I'm sure this is
the best for us in the future.
I support you.
So. I don't want to be your burden.
Okay?
I promise. I will video call you.
- Really?
- Yes. I promise.
Yes?
Why aren't you here yet?
Oh. I'm so sorry.
I can't make it tonight.
My friend is sick.
So I have to replace his shift.
Until what time?
Until the morning.
How about tomorrow night?
Can someone else take your shift?
There's no one available. I'm sorry.
I'll come tomorrow night. I promise.
Alright.
I seek refuge in the perfect words
of Allah from the evil of His creations.
Guys. we're running out of time.
Sort the items quickly.
- Come on. focus.
- Okay. ma'am.
Yes.
I'll go and get the items.
Okay.
It's at the back.
Ki…
- Ki?
- Yes.
Bim…
You are my bride.
Desi…
Don't go.
Selvi…
You are mine.
- Mine…
I don't know what else to do!
It seems like everything I do is useless.
- I thought everything was fine. but...
- Come on!
You must calm down.
Tomorrow morning we'll go to Ustad Zaini.
But what if the Jinn comes again?
What if something bad happens to you?
At least we have to try!
I'm here for you.
I'm sure we can get through the night.
I don't understand.
Why out of all people.
should I be the one to face this?
What did I do wrong?
Why do I have to go through this?
Until Linda also…
Honey.
I've borrowed a car from the office.
As soon as I arrive.
we will go straight to the Ustad.
I want to talk to Emma.
Yes?
Take care of Echa.
Whatever happens. don't let her sleep!
The last time she dreamt…
Linda died.
I understand.
No problem.
How long?
I haven't heard from Desta
in about five days.
It's been a long time. huh?
I think Desta and I…
Echa?
Don't sleep.
Yes.
So what about you and Desta?
I think I'll give Desta a second chance.
I have been lonely.
Usually there is someone for me to call.
Even though we only talk about him.
Echa?
Don't sleep.
Yeah. I am not sleeping.
Sometimes I want to talk about myself too.
How tired am I?
But he's actually a nice person.
He's not mature enough
to commit to a relationship.
What do you think?
Echa?
Echa!
Echa! Don't sleep.
Honey?
Emma!
Honey…
ADMINISTRATION - LIBRARY - HALL
BOYS CLASS - GIRLS CLASS - CANTEEN
I ask Allah for forgiveness. the Almighty.
With Allah's presence. may His peace
And blessings be upon Prophet Muhammad
I seek refuge in Allah
From the accursed Satan
In the name of Allah.
Most Gracious. Most Merciful
Praise is due to Allah. Lord of the worlds
Sovereign of the Day of Recompense
It is You we worship
And You we ask for help
Guide us to the straight path
The path of those upon
Whom You have bestowed favor
Not of those who have earned
Your anger or of those who are astray
Amen.
In the name of Allah
Most Gracious. Most Merciful
Allah. there is no deity except Him
The Ever-Living. the Self-Sustaining
Neither drowsiness overtakes Him nor sleep
To Him belongs whatever is in the heavens
And whatever is on the earth
Who is it that can intercede
With Him except by His permission?
He knows what is before them
And what will be after them
And they encompass not a thing
Of His knowledge except for what He wills
His Kursī extends over
The heavens and the earth
And their preservation tires Him not
And He is the Most High. the Most Great
The Messenger has believed in
What was revealed to him from his Lord
And so have the believers
All of them have believed in Allah and His
Angels and His books and His messengers
We make no distinction
Between any of His messengers
And they say. "We hear and we obey."
We seek Your forgiveness. our Lord
And to You is the final destination
Allah does not charge a soul
Except with that within its capacity
It will have the consequence of what
Good it has gained
And it will bear the consequence
Of what evil it has earned
Our Lord. do not impose blame upon us
If we have forgotten or erred
Our Lord. and lay not upon us a burden
That which You laid upon those before us
Our Lord. and burden us not with
That which we have no ability to bear
And pardon us
And forgive us. and have mercy upon us
You are our protector. so give us victory
Over the disbelieving people
Allah is the Greatest
I seek refuge in the perfect words
Of Allah from the evil of His creations
Honey?
Wake up!
I want to apologize…
I haven't had time yet
to keep my promise when I married you.
To accompany you.
To grow old together.
To laugh together.
I accept marrying your daughter
Echa Susiamim daughter of Rohmad Hidayat
with the mahr agreed upon.
It will all be for nothing.
if you don't come back to me.
I need you.
Come back to me.
You are strong.
You can fight. honey…
I believe in you.
Come home.
I seek refuge in the perfect words
Of Allah from the evil of His creations
Ya Allah. Ya Allah…
AND IF AN EVIL WHISPER
COMES TO YOU FROM JINN
THEN SEEK REFUGE WITH ALLAH
ALLAH IS ALL-HEARING. ALL-KNOWING
May His peace and blessings
be Upon Prophet Muhammad.
SIX YEARS LATER
Mom will come soon.
Wait a moment.
Mom is cooking. be patient…
Here's mom coming.
- Here's mom!
- Where's Arka. honey?
Arka is outside. I'll call him.
Thank you.
Arka…
So sorry to bother you.
He was so nice. right Auntie?
ORIGINAL RECORDING RJL5'S INTERVIEW
WITH ECHA "PENGANTIN SETAN"
It was viral in tiktok.
the story of a woman…
She was liked by the Jinn for 13 years.
More than nine million people
have watched it.
Echa. can you tell us how it all started?
I had a strange dream
while I was sleeping.
In that dream. I was in a garden…
It's like daytime.
not too sunny but cloudy.
I felt like I was in a really big house.
A man suddenly came up to me…
He was very handsome. extraordinary.
There was no dialogue between us.
we were just staring at each other.
And strangely.
he asked me to have sex with him.
Did it get worse after marriage?
We started to fight more.
I became more rude towards my husband.
My husband started to wonder.
why is our marriage like this?
It's not like what he imagined.
The Jinn started to affect me.
I was more comfortable
sleeping alone and dreaming.
I'd rather sleep
and meet the handsome man. rather than
facing my husband and fight.
Because I felt so loved in the dream.
I could really feel the love.
And I also saw a big black scary figure.
I asked for help from an Ustad.
Were you reluctant
during the ruqyah process?
Yes. but I was heartbroken.
- Heartbroken?
- Yes. I was about to cry.
The Ustad said. I have to let go.
Or the Jinn will be more attached.
What was your husband's
reaction afterwards?
He was confused why I didn't tell him.
Because I was afraid.
he'd think I have crush on someone else.
In that dream. we were not just talking
but it went on to sex.
that's why I was afraid.
I was told that I have become
the Jinn's bride. and it truly loves me.
Until I would have children with the Jinn.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm